Hi, guys.
Welcome in this lecture.
You're going to learn to.
Not to create harbor.
Okay, then that's to do this.
We're going to need to go to the home screen, because that is where we have all the screens.
Okay.
Now, this scaffold property or the scaffold widget has a property known as harbour.
And there's going to be harbour as well.
Okay, Harbour.
Okay.
Nice country.
And that's the same.
And we'll check it out.
You're going to see the harbour, right?
Okay.
You can see now what we can also do is we can see they're going to colour.
So this harbour has a property known as background colour.
And for the background colour we can use the background colour defined in the colours, fire in the
colours, but we can now we can use control and save and now it's not going to blend.
Okay.
You can see and if you look closely, you can see we have some elevation, right?
So what we can do is we can get rid of that elevation.
Okay.
Not to get read the harbour property as well.
Has the property known as elevation and then we can set it to zero.
That is, we don't want any use control and that's the save.
And okay, you can see now it is now blend with the background.
Okay, now they have the property or the harbour widget also has a property known as tied to what it
like to take a test widgets.
And we should just going to say meat and meat and chat.
Okay.
Now, how did you come over here?
In order to get a very good format and then use control and then save.
And you're going to see it.
Okay, great.
Now, what we can do is we can center this to the center, okay?
Or we can take that to the center.
Okay.
Now, to do this, the harbor has a property known as center type two.
And all we just have to say is true.
Okay.
Yes.
Culture and safe.
And you can see, okay, now all you can also do is it says widgets has a property known as PI and is
going to be test pi.
Okay.
So I guess you want to start the tests and why we are saying how we want to start the test.
All right.
You can see font size of it seen.
Use country and save.
This.
Okay.
I think it became very small.
Or you can just change to 19.
You can also change the color.
You can see color and you can see colors that white default is already white.
Right.
So I'm just trying to do this.
Okay.
You can see accuser Eddie White, okay, as well.
You can change the font suite.
And this is going to be font suite, font suite, dots and bold.
Or you can also see the W, that is how bold you want it to be.
Probably you can see don't want it to be that bold.
Then you can just see.
500 or 600.
Okay.
It's true.
And SCC.
And the check it out.
Or probably we can just go with the boat.
Okay.
You can see a lot of property.
It has fonts, which font style text and a lot of keys control.
And that's the save.
Okay.
Okay, guys, this is physically it.
Now you can as well.
You don't really need to do it at the top yet.
Well, you can just do it like this.
Now, that should make your code more understandable.
But as well, you can do this at the bottom.
It must just be within the scaffold.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in that Snapchat.